Idea Proposal & Research

1.	What is/are the problem/s you want to solve? Please provide background based on research. 

In case of emergency user can ask his doctor to send the prescription to the nearby pharmacy where he will be present during next few hours.  As we see there are very few pharmacy stores that we come across, but with the help of this application users can be aware of all the stores around them that they were not even aware of.

2.	Who are the users you are targeting? Please use a Persona to describe your users and draw a picture of your target user. 

This idea is very useful for the people who are working, for instance you need to collect medicine for his/her kids and then pick them up from day care. In this case If the pharmacy is located near the office then it can be easy for them to manage everything, they don’t have to drag their kids to the pharmacy. OR in case If there is someone who doesn’t feel well at work- it can anything upset stomach, headache, pain in the whole body, cough-cold etc. and thinks that he should probably get some medicine, so he can easily look up in the app for the nearest pharmacy store and quickly make a run. It targets basically everyone doctors, patients or any general person who is sick.

3.	What are the major features of the solution? List the features.

Features:
It can give information about a particular medicine such that on which specific store is it available.
It can also show which medicines are available on prescription and which are not.
There will an option where users can find the medicines, which are on sale.


4.	How is this solution unique? How does it relate to existing solutions on the market? What are 5 solutions similar or related to what you want to do in the Google Play Store. Do the research and know that you are probably not reinventing the wheel!

All the applications that are available in play store belong to specific stores whereas this is a general application, which will show all the pharmacies.

5.	What technologies, APIs etc will you be using to develop this solution? Provide links and explanations.
Yelp API and NYC Open Data Initiative for pharmacies and their location, Google Maps API for displaying the locations on a map